ROADMAP.md, before:

# 🛠 Blog MVP Features

## ✅ Core Functionality

- [x] User registration (email + password)
- [x] User login/logout (JWT authentication)
- [x] Create blog post (title, content, date)
- [ ] Read blog post (public view)
- [ ] Update blog post (only by post author)
- [x] Delete blog post (only by post author)
- [x] List all blog posts (home page)
- [x] Basic navigation (home, login, register, dashboard)

## 🛡 Admin Panel (Basic)

- [ ] Admin user can view all posts
- [ ] Admin can delete any post

## 📦 Backend Essentials

- [x] Password hashing with bcrypt
- [x] Token generation with JWT
- [x] Protected routes for logged-in users
- [x] Basic database setup (e.g. SQLite, PostgreSQL, MongoDB)

## 🌍 Deployment

- [ ] Deploy backend (e.g. on Railway, Render, Heroku)
- [ ] Deploy frontend (e.g. on Vercel, Netlify)
- [ ] DB on supabase?

# 🚀 Future Features (Post-MVP)

## 👥 User Features

- [ ] OAuth login (Google sign-in)
- [ ] Profile pages
- [ ] User avatars
- [ ] Edit user profile info
- [ ] Password reset via email

## ✍️ Blog Features

- [ ] Categories / tags for posts
- [ ] Post search
- [ ] Post comments
- [ ] Likes or reactions
- [ ] Markdown support for writing
- [ ] Image uploads in posts
- [ ] AI image generation
- [ ] AI Schizoize Text (only for theory topic posts)

## 🧑‍💻 Admin Features (Advanced)

- [ ] Role-based access control
- [ ] User management dashboard
- [ ] Post moderation system
- [ ] Analytics (views, engagement stats)

## 💅 UI/UX

- [ ] Dark mode
- [ ] Responsive design (mobile-first)
- [ ] Pagination or infinite scroll
- [ ] Rich text editor for posts
- [ ] Add Animations
- [ ] Add Icons
- [ ] Change Fonts

## 🧠 Technical Improvements

- [ ] Refresh tokens for JWT
- [ ] Rate limiting / spam protection
- [ ] Logging and error tracking
- [ ] Unit & integration testing
- [ ] Lazy Loading

Commit message:

Update logo. Set up concurrently script in root folder to run client and server simultaneously FIXED

ROADMAP.md, after:

# 🛠 Blog MVP Features

## ✅ Core Functionality

- [x] User registration (email + password)
- [x] User login/logout (JWT authentication)
- [x] Create blog post (title, content, date)
- [ ] Read blog post (public view)
- [ ] Update blog post (only by post author)
- [x] Delete blog post (only by post author)
- [x] List all blog posts (home page)
- [x] Basic navigation (home, login, register, dashboard)

## 🛡 Admin Panel (Basic)

- [ ] Admin user can view all posts
- [ ] Admin can delete any post

## 📦 Backend Essentials

- [x] Password hashing with bcrypt
- [x] Token generation with JWT
- [x] Protected routes for logged-in users
- [x] Basic database setup (e.g. SQLite, PostgreSQL, MongoDB)
- [x] Run server and client simultaneously using concurrently

## 🌍 Deployment

- [ ] Deploy backend (e.g. on Railway, Render, Heroku)
- [ ] Deploy frontend (e.g. on Vercel, Netlify)
- [ ] Deploy DB on supabase?

# 🚀 Future Features (Post-MVP)

## 👥 User Features

- [ ] OAuth login (Google sign-in)
- [ ] Profile pages
- [ ] User avatars
- [ ] Edit user profile info
- [ ] Password reset via email

## ✍️ Blog Features

- [ ] Categories / tags for posts
- [ ] Post search
- [ ] Post comments
- [ ] Likes or reactions
- [ ] Markdown support for writing
- [ ] Image uploads in posts
- [ ] AI image generation
- [ ] AI Schizoize Text (only for theory topic posts)

## 🧑‍💻 Admin Features (Advanced)

- [ ] Role-based access control
- [ ] User management dashboard
- [ ] Post moderation system
- [ ] Analytics (views, engagement stats)

## 💅 UI/UX

- [ ] Dark mode
- [ ] Responsive design (mobile-first)
- [ ] Pagination or infinite scroll
- [ ] Rich text editor for posts
- [ ] Add Animations
- [ ] Add Icons
- [ ] Change Fonts

## 🧠 Technical Improvements

- [ ] Refresh tokens for JWT
- [ ] Rate limiting / spam protection
- [ ] Logging and error tracking
- [ ] Unit & integration testing
- [ ] Lazy Loading
